All right,
we're going to add the cart now.
So we made the cart page, but we didn't
actually put anything on the cart.
So right now what we're going to do
is we're going to take whatever's
on the cart.
And we're going to show what's on
the cart and we're also going to use
a thing called the getter to show pieces
of a combined price for everything.
So, here is the let you know
kind of like static table.
If I put this on here,
I will get a static table layout for
all of this stuff, but
we're going to do what we did with that.
Select the unit before and we're going
to make this a little bit more dynamic.
So let's go back to our cart.
Right now we just have
an each to have cart.
And I'm going to plop this table in here.
As you might have guessed,
we have to use map state,
v map state to go gather our cart
Now, when we're working with the cart,
we're gonna make good uses of
things like For-loops and that kind
of binding in order to do this, but
this table this T head Is going
to stay consistent, right?
We want to tell people item add ons,
amounts and price and
if we go look back at what we've got so
far on that page.
If I go to cart then you can
see kcd a plain add ons?
None amount is one total price.
And this is all hard coded, right?
Right now don't worry about
the total price it isn't correct.
It's all just hard coded on there.
So what we're going to do, is we're going
to go, if you're not familiar with tables,
this TR is a table row.
And we need to loop through
all of the table rows
to put what's in the cart on the table.
So we're gonna say V for
item in cart, and we have a key.
And remember we use that you
UUID to create a unique ID.
So we have an item.ID when we're looping
through all of these things, and
instead of saying case idea,
what we want to do is item.item,
because that's the name of the item.
And then this one, remember how we
talked about how, for things like
burritos or something like that we have to
say, pojo or plain or something like that.
But not everything has that,
the pizzas don't have that and
the dimsums don't have that.
So here we'll make a conditional,
so we'll say V-if and
we'll say item.options.
And then if we have an option,
we can say item got options, and
you're only really allowed one option.
Remember the radio buttons.
So this is good enough for this area.
However, for something like add ons,
what we're gonna need to do is we're
gonna need to loop through those add
ons in order to put them on the page.
Because we can have multiple add ons.
So we're gonna say, V4 is add on in
item.addons.
And we also see that error
that's kind of nice.
We've got the key and so the key,
the dynamic key is going to be add on.
And then with each one of these we
as you might imagine what, add on.
Cool, so this was the count.
So we're going to output item.count here,
item.count and this is going to be
the combined price item.combinedprice.
Now if we look back here to our area,
we still left that total hardcoded.
But we're going to use a view x
getter in order to add things.
But right now we're going to say okay,
I want esteem sesame ball I
want to have them add to cart.
Then I'm going to go back to restaurants.
Maybe I want a veggie pizza with
mushrooms and green peppers and
I'm going to add to cart.
If we go to the cart, we now see their
soup dumplings with the amount and
the veggie.
We didn't have any add ons for that,
for those, do we have add ons for this?
I think we did have add ons for this.
It's like add on span before add on and
add ons and
then add ons,
you probably don't want to add own.
Okay, now we have the add ons.
We have the amounts,
we have the total price.
So what we're going to do in the car
in the view x store is we're going to
calculate a total.
I'm going to make note that,
I'm gonna show you this in a getter,
because I want to teach you getters, and
just in case we are using the that cart
in multiple places around the site.
But don't overuse getters.
In other words, if one component
Is just thinking about itself.
You don't necessarily have
to put it in the store in
as a getter in order to do so.
The reason why I caution against that
is for big enterprise apps at scale.
What can happen is people are using
that Vuex Store not just a place to
keep the centralized state data.
They're also using it as a self
documenting place to understand the brains
of the application.
So if you put tons of getter
information in that store.
You're causing people to kind of look
through a ton of information to understand
what's going on for the application for
the whole, for that full application.
It doesn't matter too much
with a small application, but
you'll start to see this that
Vuex enterprise apps at scale
that we need to kind of keep the Vuex
Store a little bit more modularized.
And Divya has a great course that
shows how to use Vuex modules and
goes into more depth there as well.
So if we go back here, and we will,
let's say we want to in our store,
create a getter.
So we're going to make
a total price getter.
And in that total price getter,
the first thing that we want
to do is we want to say like.
Okay, all of the combined price,
remember how we're gathering the combined
prices of everything, not just the prices,
but the combined prices of everything.
So what we wanna do is we wanna,
we've got like the state, and
we're returning state.value here.
What we want to do is
return state.cart.reduce.
Reduce, there's lots of schools
of thought about reduce,
I think reduce can be really useful for
these kind of one liners.
When you're taking multiple
pieces of information and
just adding them into one place but
they can be a little less legible.
I have an article on reducers,
it's called the almighty reducer
on CSS tricks that walks through what
reducers are and how you can use them.
But don't use them for
everything I would say.
They're really useful for
something like this though where really
all we're doing is going through the cart,
and we're gathering all of
the combined price into one piece.
So we're gonna take in the AC and
that's the prime, the first
thing that we have that it's gonna go
through all of the items in the array.
It's gonna take what we have first and
what we have next.
And we're going to combine
this accumulate, so
this AC is short for accumulator.
So it's gonna gather, the accumulator
is gonna gather the information and
next is giving you access
to that next item.
The article explains it in more detail.
I'm gonna do this strange thing here.
Where I say, say next combined price, but
that plus I'm adding a plus because it's
a quick way of telling JavaScript convert
it to a number just in case it's a number.
You've seen me do this
before with like math.sign,
like just in case you're not a number,
make sure your number again.
If you're using TypeScript,
you won't have to do things like
that because you're already setting
your expectation is a number and
that it should tell you otherwise.
So what we're doing is we're
returning the reduction
of all of the combined
prices in that cart.
And we're combining it into one thing and
this means this like extra zero at
the end is saying like start at zero.
We also want to do one more thing,
just in case that cart is empty.
We want to say if the state of the cart
is that it has no length then return,
return zero.
Cool, so we've got total part price state.
If we're saying if the state has
no length to the cart return zero,
otherwise, take all of
the combined prices.
From everything that you
iterate over in that array, and
collapse them into one addition.
So now, what we can do is we can
use that inside of our cart.
So I'm gonna go back into my cart.
I said map state.
I'm also gonna say map getter and
then I have a similar thing here for
map getters.
And I have total price.
And here we're going to
leave that dollar sign.
I'm going to output.
Total price.2
fixed to.
Let's see what we got.
Now, we don't have a hard
coded value anymore.
We are bringing in that
getter from the store.
Awesome.